[Music]
there's an old beekeepers trick if you
visualize the shape of the hexagon this
will send the vibration to the honeybees
that will put them at ease when you are
near them understand that these are
extremely sensitive to frequencies as
our humans there are a lot of things you
are capable of that you are not being
told there are groups of individuals out
there maybe you maybe me who have had
strange experiences that they do not
really talk about because they cannot
explain what has happened to them how
many times have you had a crazy dream
and then awaken to find that you forgot
everything that happened you just know
that the dream is crazy how many times
have you walked into a room and have
instantly forgotten why you went in
there in the first place and isn't it
interesting how when you turn back in
the other direction your memory comes
back how many of you have thought of a
person and they call you in fact how
many of you have been able to sense the
phone ringing before it actually rings
how many of you have found yourself
experiencing a moment of your reality
that you can swear to God already happen
you know deja boo' I'll go a step
further how many times have you found
yourself projecting a thought onto
another person for instance you could
have a thought and then suddenly someone
near you begins talking about what you
were thinking how many of you have
thought of a song or movie and when you
turned on the TV or radio it was playing
maybe we shouldn't brush off these
experiences as just being simply strange
occurrences now the reason I bring all
this up is because there are people who
claim to have involuntarily gone
invisible not disappeared invisible
meaning they can still hear and see
everyone and everything but for moments
at a time no one can see or hear
them it seems like every time I turn
around there's some crazy going on
with folks they're either being
kidnapped by aliens being molested in
sin through time put under mind control
and now people are shifting in and out
of reality like Marty McFly I'm sure the
majority of us are aware that there have
been people who have spontaneously
bursted into flames even a spontaneous
invisibility Wow
[Music]
has anyone ever accidentally bumped into
someone that you didn't realize was
there until you bumped into them what if
the person you bumped into could not be
seen by anyone until you made physical
contact with them well that is one of
the many scenarios described by people
who have claimed to have become
invisible historically the art of
vanishing nor the science of
invisibility is centuries-old this was
one of the known abilities of ancient
sorcerers which is in shaman and the
teachings of this ability were passed on
through Vedic texts and adapted by Hindu
priests and yoga practitioners the idea
was through meditation and practice one
could manipulate the perception of other
individuals cancelling the effect of
light hitting the eye so that the
practitioner goes and seen the
Rosicrucians of Europe also have had a
history of passing down the teachings of
invisibility of these teachings of the
ability to drawing clouds or mist or
cover the science behind this is that an
electrically charged cloud will absorb
but not reflect light so that the
observer can see nothing beyond it this
science is also found within the ancient
teachings of ninjutsu using stealth
techniques and mind-control to cloud the
minds of men so that even if the ninja
could be seen they would appear to be
someone other than who they really were
now to understand how this works you
need to have an understanding of how
frequencies work after all it is
frequencies of visible light that allows
you to see anything in the first place
if you were to go out and get a decent
pair of infrared goggles put those
goggles on you would be able to see
things around you and in the sky but you
didn't even know we're there this is why
people are attempting to biohack their
vision to be able to see into the
infrared part of the spectrum
so how do you control these frequencies
well with your mind it has been proven
time and time again that a placebo a
sugar pill can have a greater effect on
a person than an actual drug all due to
the person's level of belief
you see magic rituals voodoo these
things do not work because of magic they
work because a person believes that they
do you can hold a digital thermometer in
your hand and using your mind you can
slowly change the reading of the
thermometer thus changing the
temperature of your hand we all know
that the mere thought of something can
change your pulse rate and electrical
signals in the body so the only reason a
polygraph machine is possible so knowing
this with enough time and training with
a type of self-hypnosis you can get
yourself to believe that you can become
physically invisible for example one
part of a technique involves closing
your eyes and then using your mind's eye
to visualize a part of your body
banishing such as your hand eventually
you begin to believe in this ability if
you believe it enough you can project
that thought onto others and they too
will perceive you to be invisible
belief is everything and this is the
secret to invisibility but what about
the people who claim to have done it
involuntarily well Donna Higby is the
researcher on this subject and you can
look into her work and find fascinating
testimonies and information on what is
going on with people who have
experienced this phenomena if you want
more information on this if you want to
hear the incredible stories behind this
phenomenon
she is the go-to person now what I will
do is I will explain it to you like this
have you ever found yourself reading a
book that you were so into that nothing
short of a loud noise could distract
your attention imagine that you work in
an office and you go to your office and
sit at your desk and begin working on
your computer you are so involved in
your work that you block out everything
else around including your co-workers
who have been passing by your office
frequently looking good it is only when
you snap back to reality and take your
attention off your work and focus on
them that they can see and your
co-workers claimed that they did not see
you sitting at your desk at all up until
the moment you drew attention to
yourself there are quite a few people
who are claiming that they have been in
public places at work at home and this
happe people are going about their
business yet in certain instances the
people around them claim to have never
physically seen them so what is
happening are people tapping into these
abilities unwittingly are these people
somehow applying the formula or
invisibility without knowing it I think
it's time we start looking into and
bringing to light the natural abilities
that we all possess folks these
abilities can be a great asset and
advantage to us for the future
keeping in mind that it is all up to you
so what do you do
[Music]
you